## User Stories: Student Organizer App

Rank these stories by order of importance. Imagine that your development time could be cut short any day, and you want to make sure you've spent your time building the most important user stories first. So where do you start?

**A.** A student user should be able to send questions about an assignment to a teacher so that they can better understand what they need to accomplish.

**B.** A student should be able to request a meeting time with a teacher so that they can get extra help with their coursework.

**C.** A student should be able to track extracurricular and outside-of-school activities so that they can get a complete picture of their schedule.

**D.** A student should be able to track categorize assignments by size so that they can prioritize their long term workload.

**E.** A student should be able to see suggestions for how much time to spend on an assignment per day so that they can keep on track with their long term projects.

**F.** A student should be able to load assignments into the app from the Crossroads website so that they can make sure all of their assignments are correctly tracked.

**G.** A student should be able to organize images in the application by class so that they can easily find pictures of notes and other images from class.

**H.** A student should be able to view events happening in each week so they can anticipate what's coming up.

**I.** A student should be able to follow a VR meditation in the application so that they can relax and improve their productivity.
